---
title: "On the anti-parody of The White Lotus"
date: 2025-04-14
lastmod: 2025-04-14
tags: ["film review", "tv", "tv-show", "reviews"]
---

Each of The White Lotus seasons is a parody until it isn't. It at least starts off as a scathing parody of a certain kind of people, but slowly transforms into something deeply reflective and sincere that makes you ask profound questions about self-identity to yourself. It starts out as "us" (the creators and the audience) relentlessly mocking "them" (clueless white people, mostly). But as the season progresses, it starts offering tender moments of both us and them realising how people are mere carriers of what has been passed onto them, and how they pass it onto others. How a person's characteristics almost always comes (and goes) in bunches. It almost manages to convince you that a even a good-hearted person, when tastes wealth, will turn into an asshole. At least from the outside. There is little one can do to separate the wealth and the assholeness. There is also commentary on how the ones without wealth are always on the lookout for wealth, and subconsciously the same assholeness, that they deride in the wealthy so much. And through these bunch of people the show manages to hold an overpowering mirror to the audience. It makes you ask, "am I really that much better than whoever I look down upon?" Are people's behaviours really a matter of choice and free will? Or are they merely a tool to rationalize whatever circumstances a person finds themselves in?